956 update Epidata Readme (#957)
SciCompMod/memilio: pycode/memilio-epidata/README.rst

When you start creating a new script:

- have a look into getDataIntoPandasDataFrame.py there the main functionality which should be used is implemented.
  - get_file is used to read in data.
  - the Conf class sets relevant download options.
  - use write_dataframe of to write the pandas dataframe to file.
  - use check_dir if you want to create a new folder to write data to
- use the dictionaries in defaultDict.py to rename the existing columns of you data

>   - add new column names to one of the existing languages; english, german and spanish translation exists at the moment.

Author: This is for creating new scripts with data and column names which are not in the default dict. In that case those new column names should be added to the dd in the existing languages.

>   - add new column names to one of the existing languages; english, german and spanish translation exists at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - add new column names to one of the existing language dictionaries; english, german and spanish translation exists at the moment.
```
